Tell good and evil to be rewarded in the end
Mrs. Chen and Mrs. Chen are locked up
Don't worry as long as they are locked up in Nancheng
I believe the Chen family dare not interfere
I want to make them mother and son
Life in prison is worse than death
Confession behind bars
The owner, this is the agreement signed by the Chen family.
In the next two years
Funds donated to Nancheng one after another
That's a lot of money.
The Chen family did not dare to go back on the quantity
The owner is all due to the Ouyang family
I want to establish a Ouyang City Development Fund
To help more people
That's exactly what I'm thinking.
I will donate 5 billion to Hope Primary School
Use another 20 billion to revitalize the countryside
I want it to happen.
Don't be slick
Don't worry, sir.
I, Zhao Tiegang, have a personal guarantee.
Mr. You in Nancheng is a blessing to the people of Nancheng
Retire
What are you two doing?
Brother, I really didn't expect it.
So you are the owner of the Dizun Hall
Are you hiding quite deep?
Yes, I knew you were doing so well
Do you still need me to worry about supporting Ou's family?
Do you still need me to go out to work?
By the way, speaking of work
I'm more angry
Yeah, me too.
No wonder the geese are so kind to us.
When we interviewed
Are you watching our jokes from behind?
I'm really impressed with you two
Okay, I'm scared, okay?